lua: Add per filter config for Lua filter (#11235)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_filters/lua_filter.rst

  name: envoy.filters.http.lua
  typed_config:
    "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.lua
    inline_code: |
      -- Called on the request path.
      function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
        -- Do something.
      end
      -- Called on the response path.
      function envoy_on_response(response_handle)
        -- Do something.
      end

By default, Lua script defined in `inline_code` will be treated as a `GLOBAL` script. Envoy will 
execute it for every HTTP request.

Per-Route Configuration
-----------------------

The Lua HTTP filter also can be disabled or overridden on a per-route basis by providing a 
:ref:`LuaPerRoute <envoy_v3_api_msg_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.LuaPerRoute>` configuration 
on the virtual host, route, or weighted cluster. 

LuaPerRoute provides two ways of overriding the `GLOBAL` Lua script:

* By providing a name reference to the defined :ref:`named Lua source codes map 
  <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.source_codes>`.
* By providing inline :ref:`source code 
  <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.LuaPerRoute.code>` (This allows the code to 
  be sent through RDS).

> As an concrete example, given the following Lua filter configuration:

Reviewer: nit. s/an/a.

.. code-block:: yaml

  name: envoy.filters.http.lua
  typed_config:
    "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.lua
    inline_code: |
      function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
        -- do something
      end
    source_codes:
      hello.lua:
        inline_string: |
          function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
            request_handle:logInfo("Hello World.")
          end
      bye.lua:
        inline_string: |
          function envoy_on_response(response_handle)
            response_handle:logInfo("Bye Bye.")
          end

The HTTP Lua filter can be disabled on some virtual host, route, or weighted cluster by the 
LuaPerRoute configuration as follow:

.. code-block:: yaml

  per_filter_config:
    envoy.filters.http.lua:
      disabled: true

We can also refer to a Lua script in the filter configuration by specifying a name in LuaPerRoute. 
The `GLOBAL` Lua script will be overridden by the referenced script:

.. code-block:: yaml

  per_filter_config:
    envoy.filters.http.lua:
      name: hello.lua

.. attention::

  The name `GLOBAL` is reserved for :ref:`Lua.inline_code 

>   <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.inline_code>`, so don't use it easily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.inline_code>`, so don't use it otherwise.
```

> Or We can define new Lua script in the LuaPerRoute configuration directly to override `GLOBAL`  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or a new Lua script can be defined in the LuaPerRoute configuration directly to override `GLOBAL`  
```

* :ref:`v3 API reference <envoy_v3_api_msg_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua>`
* This filter should be configured with the name *envoy.filters.http.lua*.

A simple example of configuring Lua HTTP filter that contains only :ref:`inline_code 
<envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.inline_code>` is as follow:

.. code-block:: yaml

  name: envoy.filters.http.lua
  typed_config:
    "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.lua
    inline_code: |
      -- Called on the request path.
      function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
        -- Do something.
      end
      -- Called on the response path.
      function envoy_on_response(response_handle)
        -- Do something.
      end

> By default, Lua script defined in `inline_code` will be treated as a `GLOBAL` script. Envoy will 

Reviewer: A reminder that in our .rst renderer, 

```
`GLOBAL`
```

won't be wrapped inside `<code class="docutils literal notranslate"><span class="pre">GLOBAL</span></code>` element. (you can try to run the `./docs/build.sh` and check how this will be rendered, the resulting htmls will be in `generated/docs/` dir).

Use double backticks if you want it to be rendered as: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73152/85939054-9360ea80-b93c-11ea-94dc-d4881c9098ae.png)

```
``GLOBAL``
```

Author: Thanks. That's what i really want.

.. code-block:: yaml

  name: envoy.filters.http.lua
  typed_config:
    "@type": type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.lua
    inline_code: |
      function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
        -- do something
      end
    source_codes:
      hello.lua:
        inline_string: |
          function envoy_on_request(request_handle)
            request_handle:logInfo("Hello World.")
          end
      bye.lua:
        inline_string: |
          function envoy_on_response(response_handle)
            response_handle:logInfo("Bye Bye.")
          end

The HTTP Lua filter can be disabled on some virtual host, route, or weighted cluster by the 
LuaPerRoute configuration as follow:

.. code-block:: yaml

  per_filter_config:
    envoy.filters.http.lua:
      disabled: true

We can also refer to a Lua script in the filter configuration by specifying a name in LuaPerRoute. 
The `GLOBAL` Lua script will be overridden by the referenced script:

.. code-block:: yaml

  per_filter_config:
    envoy.filters.http.lua:
      name: hello.lua

.. attention::

  The name `GLOBAL` is reserved for :ref:`Lua.inline_code 

>   <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.inline_code>`, so don't use it otherwise.

Reviewer: Incomplete sentence? 

Probably: "... <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.filters.http.lua.v3.Lua.inline_code>`. Therefore, do not use `GLOBAL` as name for ...".
